<style type="text/css">ol { list-style-type: upper-alpha; }</style>

# Quiz 7-8: Safety and security engineering

## Problem 1

> Safety-critical systems are systems whose failure can lead to human injury or
  death.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True

## Problem 2

> Static analysis is an approach to V & V that examines the source code (or
  other representation) of a system, looking for errors and anomalies. It allows
  all parts of a program to be checked, not just those parts that are exercised
  by system tests.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True

## Problem 3

> What are the two classes of Safety-critical software?
>
> - Primary safety-critical software
> - Secondary safety-critical software
> - Key safety-critical software
> - marginal safety-critical software

- Primary safety-critical software
- Secondary safety-critical software

## Problem 4

> Which of the following are potential system accidents that may ocurr?
>
> - Hazard avoidance
> - Hazard Detection and Removal
> - Damage Limitation
> - All of these are potential system accidents

- All of these are potential system accidents

## Problem 5

> Match the Fault Class with the Status Analysis Checks
>
> - Data faults
> - Control faults
> - Input/output faults
> - Interface faults
> - Storage management faults

- **E.** Data faults<br>Variables used before initialization<br>Variables
  declared but never used<br>Variables assigned twice but never used between
  assignments Possible array bound violations<br>Undeclared variables
- **B.** Control faults<br>Unreachable code<br>Unconditional branches into loops
- **A.** Input/output faults<br>Variables output twice with no intervening
  assignment
- **D.** Interface faults<br>Parameter type mismatches<br>Parameter number
  mismatches<br>Nonusage of the results of functions<br>Uncalled functions and
  procedures
- **C.** Storage management faults<br>Unassigned pointers<br>Pointer arithmetic
  <br>Memory leaks

## Problem 6

> The three security dimensions are Confidentiality, Intelligence, and
  Accessability.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**B.** False

## Problem 7

> Security is a system attribute that reflects the ability of the system to
  protect itself from malicious internal or external attacks.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True

## Problem 8

> In most cases, it is trivial to add security to a system after it has been
  implemented. Thereforce, security issues can be taken into account after the
  system design process.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**B.** False

## Problem 9

> Security design guidelines sensitize system designers to security issues that
  they may not have considered. They provide a basis for creating security
  review checklists.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True
