<style type="text/css">ol { list-style-type: upper-alpha; }</style>

# Quiz 15: Software reuse and component-based SWE

## Problem 1

> To make independent, distributed components work together, you need middleware
  support that handles component communications.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True

## Problem 2

> Which of these are not a method for component composition.
>
> 1. Sequential composition
> 2. Hierarchical composition
> 3. Parameter composition
> 4. Additive composition

**C.** Parameter composition

## Problem 3

> Web application security frameworks may help implement user authentication
  (login) and access control to ensure that users can only access permitted
  functionality in the system.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True

## Problem 4

> Reuse-based software engineering is an approach to development that tries to
  minimize the reuse of existing software.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**B.** False

## Problem 5

> Potential problems with application system reuse include lack of control over
  functionality, performance, and system evolution.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True

## Problem 6

> Match the following benefit of Software Reuse with its explanation.
>
> - Accelerated development
> - Effective use of specialists
> - Increased dependability
> - Lower development costs
> - Reduced process risk
> - Standards compliance

- **E.** Bringing a system to market as early as possible is often more
  important than overal development costs. Reusing software can speed up system
  production because both development and validation time may be reduced.
- **F.** Instead of doing the same work over and over again, application
  specialists can develop reusable software that encapsulates their knowledge.
- **C.** Reused software, which has been tried and tested in working systems,
  should be more dependable than new software. Its design and implementation
  faults should have been found and fixed.
- **B.** Development costs are proportional to the size of the software being
  developed. Reusing software means that fewer lines of code have to be written.
- **A.** The cost of existing software is already known, while the costs of
  development are always a matter of judgment. This is an important factor for
  project management because it reduces the margin of error in project cost
  estimation. This is especially true when large software components such as
  subsystems are reused.
- **D.** Some standards, such as user interface standards, can be implemented as
  a set of reusable components. For example, if menus in a user interface are
  implemented using reusable components, all applications present the same menu
  formats to users. The use of standard user interfaces improves dependability
  because users make fewer mistakes when presented with a familiar interface.

## Problem 7

> Component-based software engineering is not a reuse-based approach. It is mean
  to develop systems that are implemented once and solely used for that
  application.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**B.** False

## Problem 8

> One of the only ways to meet the demands of secure, dependable, and quickly
  deployed software is to use component based SWE.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True

## Problem 9

> At the highest level, there are two types of CBSE processes:
>
> <ol style="list-style-type: decimal;">
>  <li>Development for reuse</li>
>  <li>Development with resue</li>
> </ol>
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True

## Problem 10

> The advantages of software reuse are lower costs, and faster software
  development. A disadvantage is higher risks.
>
> 1. True
> 2. False

**A.** True
